In the last section, we put together our very first Docker file and then very quickly used it at the
terminal to build a new image.
However, we didn't really talk about what was going on inside of here.
So in this section and the next, I want to do a deep dive on all the configuration that we added to
the Docker file and also what happened over at the terminal afterwards.
So let's get to it.
All right.
So I took every line out of that Docker file except for the comments and put it into this diagram right
here.
So you see from Alpine Run and Command, you'll notice that every line of configuration that we put
in there looked kind of similar to the others.
Every line started off with a single word that we refer to as an instruction.
This instruction is telling the Docker server to do some very specific preparation, step on the image
that we are trying to create.
The instruction from is used to specify the Docker image that we want to use as a base.
The run instruction is used to execute some command while we are preparing our custom image and then
the CMD or command instruction specifies what should be executed when our container is when our image
is used to start up a brand new container.
Every line of configuration that you are ever going to add to a Docker file is always going to start
off with an instruction.
Now we just used the three most important instructions to know.
There are quite another quite a handful of other instructions out there.
We're going to look at a handful of them throughout the rest of this course.
But again, from run and CMD are the most important ones to know and understand.
After each instruction, we then provided an argument to the instruction that kind of customised how
that instruction was executed.
So as you might guess, by putting from Alpine, we are saying we want to use a base image of Alpine
when preparing our image and we'll talk more about exactly what that base image is doing for us in just
a moment.
On the next one, we said we want to run this command.
This command was the argument that was provided to the instruction.
And then for CMD down here at the bottom.
Well I bet you can guess.
Yeah that is the argument to CMD.
All right.
So that's what was going on with the overall structure of the Docker file, but that doesn't really
explain a lot of the pieces or kind of like what the intent of each of these lines were outside of the
comments that we added on there while we were writing the Docker file.
So let's take a quick pause.
We're going to come back the next section and we're going to start to look at the output that we got
inside of our terminal and try to understand how each of those lines of configuration was interpreted
by the Docker server and used to build our image.
So quick break and I'll see you in just a minute.